LINEAR REGRESSION: Linear regression is a statistical method for modeling relationships between a dependent variable with a given set of independent variables. Simple linear regression is an approach for predicting a response using a single feature. To provide a basic understanding of linear regression, we start with the most basic version of linear regression, i.e. Simple linear regression.


REGRESSION-PREDICTION-OF-DIOMAND-PRICE: In this prediction is based on Multiple linear regression with Python. I start importing packages. Read the diamonds.csv file. First, check the target variable.  The target variable is right-skewed. We can take the log transform this variable so that it becomes normally distributed. A normally distributed target variable helps in better modeling the relationship of the target variable with the independent variable. Then decided they can use Linear Regression or Multiple Linear regression. We use Mulitle Liner Regression can assign X and Y variables.  X is the independent variable. Y is the dependent variable.  Both variables can Test and Train. That's our X_train, X_test, Y_train, Y_test. We can predict the value using the linear regression function, and get the Y_predic value for X_test.  And compare the X_test value and Y_predic value with Plot. Then using sklearn find the mean squaredml error and mean absolute error.[mean_squared_error(y_test,y_predict)=2198853.1466154875.

Multiple Linear Regression  mlr = regressor.score(X_test, y_test) is 0.8619076819837808
